BBD Review: Sidebar, definitions, indexing, and related cleanup (#503)
worldbank/dime-data-handbook: chapters/5-processing.tex

(in Stata, often through \texttt{collapse})
and then merging or joining those results to the firms data table.

In a tidy workflow, your clean dataset comes from 

> a group of one or more tidy data tables.

Reviewer: I think the way it was is more accurate. As in saying that a "dataset is a set of one or more tidy tables" rather than it "_comes_" from it.

> In a tidy workflow, your clean dataset comes from 
> a group of one or more tidy data tables.

Author: ```suggestion
In a tidy workflow, your clean dataset is a set of one or more tidy data tables.
```

This is reflected in the data flowcharts from your data map
showing the way to combine data from the master datasets

> any any other datasets that you obtained.\index{data flowchart}\index{data map}

Reviewer: I can be reflected but it does not have to be. I think this usage of data flowchart is not the best.  I think this hunk can be reverted

> This is reflected in the data flowcharts from your data map
> showing the way to combine data from the master datasets
> any any other datasets that you obtained.\index{data flowchart}\index{data map}

Author: ```suggestion
```

\subsection{Implementing high-frequency quality checks}

% What are HFCs

> A key advantage of continuous electronic data intake methods,

Reviewer: ingestion is the correct term

Author: I hate it though, it makes me so squeamish 😂

```suggestion
A key advantage of continuous electronic data ingestion methods,
```
